Make clean in README what are the packages used for (#4850)
h2oai/h2o-3: README.md

```
Note that [libcurl](http://curl.haxx.se) is required for installation of the **RCurl** R package.

> Note that this packages don't cover running tests, they for building H2O only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note these packages don't cover running tests, those are for building H2O only.
```

```
Note that [libcurl](http://curl.haxx.se) is required for installation of the **RCurl** R package.

> Note that this packages don't cover running tests, they for building H2O only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note these packages don't cover running tests, those are for building H2O only.
```
